Add recommendation for `$required` regarding boolean fields (#644)
SAP/abap-file-formats: docs/json.md

```
is used.

> Please note, we do not recommend using the `$required` flag for boolean fields, as not setting it is equivalent to `false`. 

Reviewer: Usually, I think we call all the $...-stuff "annotation".

```suggestion
Please note, we do not recommend using the `$required` annotation for boolean fields, as not setting it is equivalent to `false`. 
```

Author: Yes, you are right. Changed it.

> Please note, we do not recommend using the `$required` annotation for boolean fields, as not setting it is equivalent to `false`.

Reviewer 2: I struggled with this formulation. For me it means: We do recommend using the annotation because not setting the annotation is equivalent to `false`. 
Maybe we can have something like 
```suggestion
Please note, we do not recommend using the `$required` annotation for boolean fields, as not setting such a field is equivalent to `false`.
```
to make clear that it is about setting fields and not annotations. Feel free to reformulate my suggestion in better english 😉

Reviewer: Do you prefer following suggestion?

```suggestion
"Please note, we do not recommend using the $required annotation for boolean fields, as omitting such a field in the JSON file is equivalent to setting its value to false."
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, I like it

Author: Yes, me too. Changed it.

> If you want the field to always be visible in the JSON, you can use the annotation `$showAlways`. 

Reviewer: Maybe, the recommendation should be more like this. If the field is crucial to be serialized (even if the value is `false`), you can use the annotation `$showAlways`. What do you think?

Author: Yes, sounds better as it should not get the standard to add `$showAlways` to all boolean fields.
